  The intent of this formula restart is to provide the user
with the ability to calculate all of the PLOT3D equations for
a FIELDVIEW compliant unstructured dataset.  Most notably, this
implies that the constants, Alpha and FSMach, are defined
correctly within the FIELDVIEW unstructured file.

  The formula restart, PLOT3D_eqns.frm, is subject to the
following constraints:

1) The following 5 variables must be defined for the data file,
   using exactly the syntax given below:

   Density (Q1)
   x-momentum (Q2)
   y-momentum (Q3)
   z-momentum (Q4)
   Stag. energy (Q5)

   For example, if your dataset has density defined as "ro",
   you will need to create a formula using the function calculator
   which assigns "ro" to the formula name "Density (Q1)"

   NOTE:  The definition of these variables must be done BEFORE
   the PLOT3D_eqns.frm is read into FIELDVIEW.

2) The 5 above variables must be non-dimensionalized using the
   PLOT3D convention.

3) There are two variables, Alpha and FSMach, which are assumed
   to be correctly defined within the FIELDVIEW unstructured file.
   The variable, Alpha, refers to the Angle of Attack and is expected
   to be specified in units of [radians].  The variable FSMach refers
   to the Free Stream Mach condition, and its units should follow the
   PLOT3D convention.

   NOTE:  If these variables have not been correctly defined, then
   the function calculator can be used to override these constants,
   by using the matching function formula names.

4) GAMMA is hardcoded to 1.4 in the equations.

5) In the PLOT3D non-dimensionalization, the ideal gas constant (RGAS)
   is identically equal to 1.0.  To save space, the variable RGAS
   does not appear in any of the equations.

6) The command line parameters, -gamma (value) and -gasconstant (value)
   will have no effect on this formula restart.

7) The equations created using this formula restart will have the
   string [PLOT3D} appended to the variable name to signify that these
   formulas have been calculated following the PLOT3D conventions.
